### Known Issues With Qwertigraphy

[Why Qwertigraph?](https://github.com/codepoke-kk/qwertigraphy/blob/master/WhyQwertigraph.md) | 
[How to Qwertigraph?](https://github.com/codepoke-kk/qwertigraphy/blob/master/HowQwertigraph.md) | 
[Broken Qwertigraph?](https://github.com/codepoke-kk/qwertigraphy/blob/master/FixQwertigraph.md) | 
[Customize Qwertigraph?](https://github.com/codepoke-kk/qwertigraphy/blob/master/CustomizeQwertigraph.md)

#### Finite Time
I work two jobs. This is a labor of amusement for me, so I'll get to things when I get to them. I wish I could bring everything up to my vision now, and bring my vision up to the highest levels, but I'm happy typing along with what I've got. We'll get to the next level, but at a more 19th century pace than is common these days.

#### My Gregg-fu is weak
I learned Gregg in 1993 or so, and figured I knew enough to be dangerous when I got to lesson 12 of 36 in my book. Oops. I did Gregg poorly until 2019. I've got nothing but half-baked knowledge and deeply ingrained bad habits to show for all my experience. I'm slowly coming up to speed, but my weaknesses impact the final product badly. I'm sorry and trying to do better.

#### My Python-fu is weak, too
I'd never touched Python before June of 2025 and I'm finishing this in December 2025. I've taken advice where I could get it and jogged AI as much as I could, but there are certainly places someone with skills could improve on what we have here. 

#### What am I even doing, trying this?
If someone else has already done this better, let me know. I'd gladly shut this down and buy theirs.

#### The Dictionary is a moving target
I consider my hardcopy Gregg Shorthand Dictionary of 1930, Anniversary Edition, to be the gold standard for the "anniversary_core.ahk" dictionary. I manually add/fix some words into anniversary_supplement.ahk every week, but I'll be a long while getting to "right". 







# The rest of this is old....

### I've replaced the AutoHotKey Qwertigraph with the PyChorder Qwertigraph. 

The new tool is written in Python, so it's theoretically no longer stuck to Windows. I've not tried it on any other platform, so you might want to avoid trying it unless you're up for some building/fixing.


### Ignore from here

#### AutoHotkey is not perfect

##### Under some conditions, Qwertigraphy is irritating. 
I cannot reproduce this bug at will, so I cannot begin to swat it, but AutoHotkey will forget to unset the shift key and or the Windows key at times. The computer will enter a strange zone in which every keystroke is performed as if Shift or Windows were held down during the keypress/release cycle. Stopping Qwertigraphy will not fix that issue, but hitting both shift keys and/or both Windows keys seems to fix it. 

Not being able to reproduce the problem, I cannot tell whether the problem is with AutoHotkey or the Qwertigraph. 

Also under some conditions, Kaspersky thinks the Qwertigraph is a Trojan. I use it for a few weeks, and then it stumbles again. If I figure out how to repro the problem, I will report it to them again. For now, I just suffer through the fix. Let Kaspersky decide whether it needs to do a full cleanup. After it's done, restore chorder.ahk. I use GitHub, so I create a dummy file and then choose to restore that file to its archived state. You can also download it again from the source. 

##### Under some conditions, the Qwertigraph is too slow
When the computer is chugging away on some background task, keystroke input and output will get jumbled. In those situations, there's nothing for it but to let the computer catch up. On a blue-sky day, the Qwertigraph does quite nicely with 360 WPM input and 600 WPM output. When your antivirus is chugging away, it's certainly not a blue sky day. I did rework the engine significantly to reduce this issue to its current minimum. 

#### The Dashboard currently only gives a vague notion of what a form should look like 
Fixing this is just very laborious, as the SVG arcs all need to be generated by hand. 

#### Qwertigraphy only works on Windows
I'd love to see this on *nix, but I have no such computers and no idea what tool might facilitate that move. 

#### I really need this thing on my phone
I've started the process of making this happen, but it will be a long while. I'm updating the dictionary. There would be no way to make a personalized dictionary, and I'm pretty sure that's a desirable feature for all users.

Right now, the best hope is that TextExpander will enable the property "Keep Delimiter" on their iPhone application. If they do, I will be able to export the Qwertigraph dictionaries into Text Expander form, and it will all work. 

#### Other Shorthands 
There are other versions of Gregg and other Shorthands. I see no impediment to other dictionaries, but I'm not going to do them. My tiny brain is stretching to relearn Anniversary Gregg. If you do some other Shorthand and wish to port it into Qwertigraph, you have my blessing. You understand the mission. I'll be glad to help you get started with the conversion. 